# Sharing is Caring Final Project

This project ended up turning into a whole adventure. When starting it, I ended up realizing that I didn't really know how to do any of what I wanted to at all. So it was just a lot of combing through documentation and previous class material until I found my two best friends for this project: Pbinds and Routines. I figured out that I could use SynthDefs and Pbinds to create the logic I needed for each of my instruments, and Routines to effectively "compose" with those bits of logic. From here, I needed to figure out how to actively change Pbind parameters, and this is where I learned about Pbindefs. With these, I could create the Pbind separately from playing it, and update its parameters inside the Routine as it went.

Once I figured all this out, I really had all the core mechanics I needed to do the project. I made quick proofs-of-concept for each of my ideas, and then started building the Routine as I made more of the necessary SynthDefs and Pbindefs.

Overall, most of my initial ideas are present. It's a pretty strong recreation and rearrangement of what I had originally made in FMOD, and doing it in Supercollider means I can more easily do what I was originally intending in the first place. I did run into some trouble with changing the rhythm of my arpeggiator instruments for specific amounts of time, though. Unlike what I have with the kick where you can go between one or the other, I wanted to find some way to double the arpeggiator's rhythm for a short amount of time, then go back to its original. I'm sure there's some way I could do this, but nothing I tried worked, so I had to scrap it for the sake of time. Other than that, though, I basically implemented everything I wanted to, and got to experiment with a few ideas beyond that as well. So I'd say it turned out well.