This assignment was mostly experimenting with different oscillators and numbers for me. I found a template off of the website linked in the assignment's Markdown file (https://ccrma.stanford.edu/wiki/SuperCollider_Tweets). After hearing what the template did, I kind of just settled on making something with a simple groove. One of the first things I discovered is that the first LFPulse.kr() is able to divide the beat into things other than powers of 2, and that made for some pretty interesting feels, though I ultimately decided to go with something that sounded simpler and stuck to powers of 2. I then experimented with oscillators on that sound, and found that making the second oscillator anything other than an LFSaw made it much harder to hear what was happening, so that's one of the few things that went unchanged from the template. Then I experimented with oscillators for the first ar(), and ultimately landed on LFTri just because I liked how it sounded the best. After experimenting with numbers, I somehow found my way to making a consistent four-bar phrase? Being completely honest, I'm not sure what I did to get to that point (I imagine it's the LFPulse.kr() inside the LFSaw.kr(), though that could be entirely wrong). But I got there and it worked, so I stuck with it.

Then I moved onto the noise part of the sound. Originally it was WhiteNoise, but I ran through several of the options and ultimately landed on GrayNoise. I discovered that the first parameter in the Noise's LFPulse was able to adjust the rhythmic subdivision. I ended up making it divide into septuplets, just because I thought the eventual 7:8 polyrhythm with the triangle bass would be really funny. From there, I messed with the phrasing of the Noise groove by experimenting with the parameters inside the LFSaw.kr(), and called it at that. I'm not sure what the !3 at the very end of it all does, though. I experimented with a few different values and didn't notice any distinct differences.